Q: Can you describe the vaginal discharge?
A: I have a greenish-yellow vaginal discharge with significant itching.

Q: When did you first notice the discharge?
A: I noticed the discharge about a week ago.

Q: Have you experienced any itching or irritation?
A: Yes, I have significant itching.

Q: Have you noticed any changes in your menstrual cycle?
A: Not really, my cycles are regular. My last period was about two weeks ago.

Q: Are you experiencing any pain during urination or intercourse?
A: Yes, I've been having pain during urination and during sex.

Q: Have you had any unusual bleeding?
A: No, I haven't experienced any unusual bleeding.

Q: Have you noticed any changes in your sexual health?
A: I’ve been sexually active with my partner, and I’ve had unprotected sex three times in the last month.

Q: Do you have any chronic medical conditions?
A: No, I don’t have any chronic conditions.

Q: Have you had any previous episodes of vaginal discharge or infections?
A: No, I haven’t had any previous infections like this.

Q: What medications are you currently taking, including over-the-counter and herbal supplements?
A: I’m currently taking oral contraceptives.

Q: Have you recently completed any courses of antibiotics or other treatments?
A: Yes, I recently finished a course of antibiotics for acute bronchitis.

Q: Have you had any recent surgeries or procedures related to your reproductive health?
A: I had an intentional termination of pregnancy when I was 16.

Q: Do you have a history of sexually transmitted infections (STIs)?
A: No, I don’t have a history of STIs.

Q: When did you start your menstrual periods (menarche)?
A: I started my periods at age 13.

Q: How regular are your menstrual cycles?
A: They’re regular, about 28 days when I’m not on the pill.

Q: What was the date of your last menstrual period?
A: My last period was about two weeks ago.

Q: Have you ever been pregnant? If so, what were the outcomes?
A: Yes, I had a previous intentional termination of pregnancy.

Q: Have you ever had any gynecological surgeries (e.g., hysterectomy, laparoscopy)?
A: No, other than the termination, I haven’t had any other surgeries.

Q: What form of birth control are you currently using?
A: I primarily use oral contraceptive pills.

Q: Are you currently sexually active?
A: Yes, I’m sexually active with my boyfriend.

Q: What is the nature of your sexual relationships?
A: I’ve been dating my boyfriend for about four months; he’s my only partner.

Q: Is there a family history of gynecological issues, such as ovarian or breast cancer?
A: I’m not sure; I haven’t discussed it much with my family.

Q: Do any family members have a history of STIs?
A: Not that I know of.

Q: What is your occupation?
A: I’m currently a student.

Q: Do you use tobacco, alcohol, or recreational drugs?
A: I don’t smoke, but I occasionally drink alcohol. No recreational drugs.

Q: How would you describe your support system (family, friends)?
A: I have a supportive family and good friends; I can talk to them about most things.

Q: Have you traveled recently or been exposed to any new environments?
A: No, I haven’t traveled recently.

Q: Have you experienced any fever or chills?
A: No, I haven’t had any fevers or chills.

Q: Are you feeling generally well otherwise?
A: Yes, I’ve been feeling fine except for the current symptoms.

Q: Do you have any gastrointestinal symptoms (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea)?
A: No, I haven’t had any gastrointestinal issues.

Q: Do you have any respiratory symptoms (cough, shortness of breath)?
A: I had a cough recently, but it was diagnosed as acute bronchitis and is resolving.

Q: Do you have any known allergies?
A: No, I don’t have any allergies.

Q: Have you received all recommended vaccinations?
A: Yes, I’m up to date with my vaccinations.

Q: When was your last health check-up or gynecological exam?
A: I had a check-up about a year ago.

Q: Are there any specific health concerns you would like to discuss today?
A: I’d like to understand more about the discharge and what it might mean.
